fix(kai-scheduler): add enterprise admonition (#865)
loft-sh/vcluster-docs: vcluster/learn-how-to/configure-kai-scheduler.mdx

Add the following to your vCluster configuration (`values.yaml` for Helm or vCluster config):

<ProAdmonition />

:::info

> Learn more about [syncing custom resources](/vcluster/configure/vcluster-yaml/sync/from-host/custom-resources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on syncing custom resources, see the [Custom resources](/vcluster/configure/vcluster-yaml/sync/from-host/custom-resources) documentation. 
```
